README.md, before:

# NgMovies

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Use an actual API (json-server) to mock data and be able to modify it

README.md, after:

# NgMovies

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.2.0.

Also `node v14.15.0` and `npm 6.14.8` are used.

## Development server

First install the json-server (https://github.com/typicode/json-server) that will host the data.

`cd ngMovies/json-server`

`npm install -g json-server`

Run `json-server --watch db.json -d 3000`. `-d 3000` will add a delay of 3 seconds to perform the operations. It can be ommitted

Access the data via `http://localhost:3000/movies`.

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
